= cache-machine

An ActiveRecord mixin that helps managing cached content in a Ruby on Rails application with complex data update dependencies.

Cache Machine provides 
* high-level methods for accessing cached content using page names, numbers, time stamps etc,
* a DSL to describe update dependencies between the data models underlying the cached content,
* automatic cache invalidation based on those explicitly modeled data update dependencies.

You will find Cache Machine useful if you:
* use Memcache to cache fragments of a web site that contain data from a variety of underlying data models
* anytime one of the underlying data models changes, all the cached page fragments in which this data model occurs - and only those - need to be invalidated/updated
* you have many data models, cached fragments, and many data models used inside each cached fragment

Cache Machine depends only on the Rails.cache API and is thereby library agnostic.


== Contributing to cache-machine

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 PartyEarth LLC. See LICENSE.txt for details.
